Add in early return for find_conv_dot_horiz_fusion (#4662)
ROCm/AMDMIGraphX: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a new pass to replace convolution with constant broadcast input with a reduced GEMM which improves model compilation time (#4621).
* Implemented JIT compilation for `logsoftmax` by decomposing it into fusible operations (`log`, `exp`, `reduce_max`, `reduce_sum`), enabling kernel fusion. (#4630).

> * Add early return for find_conv_dot_horiz_fusion matcher based on operator output size < 2 (#4662)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added early return for `find_conv_dot_horiz_fusion` matcher based on if operator output size is less than two (#4662).
```
